docs: add wolf annotations document (#4944)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/jcloud/advanced.md

  - name: custom
    uses: jinahub+docker://CustomExecutor
```

## Flow retention days

> In Jcloud, we have default life-cycle(24hrs) for each flow. That means we will remove flows periodically. To avoid it, or manage it by yourself, you can setup `retention_days` args in `jcloud`. `-1` is never expired, `0` is follow default life-cycle, `X`(0<X<365), which means keep the flow utill X days. `0` is default value if you don't pass `retention_days` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Jcloud, we have default life-cycle(24hrs) for each flow and we will remove flows periodically if they are beyond the life-cycle. To change the default behavior and manage it by yourself, you can setup `retention_days` args in `jcloud`. `-1` is never expired, `0` is to use the default life-cycle, or `X`(0<X<365), which means keep the flow utill X days. `0` is the default value if you don't pass `retention_days` argument.
```
